DOCPLAN-368: Fix AsciiDocDITA.CalloutList errors in virt docs (#112012)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-creating-interface-on-nodes.adoc

              enabled: false
          port:
            - name: eth1
    dns-resolver:
      config:
        search:
        - example.com
        - example.org
        server:
        - 8.8.8.8
----
+
* `metadata.name` defines the name of the policy.
* `spec.nodeSelector` is optional. If you do not include the `nodeSelector` parameter, the policy applies to all nodes in the cluster.
* `spec.nodeSelector.node-role.kubernetes.io/worker` uses the `node-role.kubernetes.io/worker: ""` node selector to select all worker nodes in the cluster.
* `spec.maxUnavailable` is optional and defines the maximum number of nmstate-enabled nodes that the policy configuration can be applied to concurrently. This parameter can be set to either a percentage value (string), for example, `"10%"`, or an absolute value (number), such as `3`.
* `spec.desiredState.interfaces.description` is optional and defines a human-readable description for the interface.
* `spec.desiredState.dns-resolver` is optional and defines the search and server settings for the DNS server.

. Create the node network policy:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f br1-eth1-policy.yaml
----
+

> Where `br1-eth1-policy.yaml` is the file name of the node network configuration policy manifest.

Author: ```suggestion
+
where:
+
`br1-eth1-policy.yaml`:: Specifies the file name of the node network configuration policy manifest.
```

              enabled: false
          port:
            - name: eth1
    dns-resolver:
      config:
        search:
        - example.com
        - example.org
        server:
        - 8.8.8.8
----
+
* `metadata.name` defines the name of the policy.

> * `spec.nodeSelector` is optional. If you do not include the `nodeSelector` parameter, the policy applies to all nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `spec.nodeSelector` defines  the nodes in the cluster the networking policy is applied to. If not defined, the default is all nodes.
```

If we call this out, shouldn't we define it?
